#summary Long-term Objective & Bi-weekly Build Cycle User Stories

  * Users can save personal information such as user type and parking zone. 
  * Users can view a map with parking lots and zones marked. 
  * Users can choose to display disabled parking lots or not. 
  * Users can zoom in and zoom out the map. 
  * Users can search a destination and view available parking lots around there. 
  * Users can view real-time updating available parking lots.

  * Users can view parking distance between current position and destination parking lot,  and street view.
  * Users can view garage information such as the number of parking lots of each floor, garage layout with available parking lots marked.
  * Users can store their preferred parking lots as default setting and view them when the application starts up. 
  * Users can rate and comment for a parking lot or a garage. 
  * Users can let the system compute the best parking lot for them according to the distance, rates, user rating and comments. 

4th Bi-weekly build cycle user stories:
  * User can refresh (update) the number of available parking spots of all parking lots from server. 
  Sub Task:
  * Client: manually send request to server, check response, update database; (Yuan)
  * Server: web interface for manually modify available number, display data kept persistent at server side. (Xiaowei)

3rd Bi-weekly build cycle user stories:
  * User can select multiple zones and see them highlighted on map by either choosing on start-up memu or clicking "Menu" button during map view. (Yuan)
  * Users can see his/her current position shown on map via GPS functionality. (xiaowei)

2nd Bi-weekly build cycle user stories:
  * User can see detailed parking information when click on the marker on map (address, garage capacity); (Xiaowei)
  * User can see parking zones overlaid with different colors. (Yuan)
  * Underneath: set up, debug, operate Android built-in Sqlite Database and store some static parking lot cache information. 

1st Bi-weekly build cycle user stories:
  * Users can view parking lots and zones marked on Google Map and shown on Android; (Xiaowei)
  * Users can choose and save user type and parking zone. (Yuan)